Write BIOSI appendix (and finish the matching appendix) (#111)
daffidwilde/thesis: appendix/biosci/main.tex

\chapter{Automatic final-year project allocation in a School of Biosciences}
\label{app:biosci}

\section{Introduction}

For many undergraduate students, a crucial part of their degree is their
final-year project (FYP). This piece of work characterises their interests and
allows the student to demonstrate their command of a chosen subject. Being
assigned a favourable FYP topic is of great importance. Good allocation affects
the student experience, improving student-supervisor relationships, engagement,
and, eventually, satisfaction~\cite{Briffa2018,Kuh2009}.

However, as the ratio between students and university staff
increases~\cite{McDonald2013}, so does the need for fair and efficient FYP
allocation systems. This need is both practical and pedagogic. Practical in that
as cohort sizes increase, the demands on administrative staff grow, meaning
manual systems eventually become infeasible. Pedagogic, given the impacts of
good project allocation on learning.

FYP allocation is a resource allocation problem with a specific set of
constraints. Typically, these correspond to student preferences, supervisor
preferences, and workload capacities. This appendix uses the student-project

> allocation problem (SA) to model FYP allocation. Implementing FYP allocation as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allocation problem (SA) to carry out FYP allocation. Implementing FYP allocation as
```
